  If you told 16 year old me that in college, I would be taking classes that, for a large part, revolve around coding, I never
would've believed you. I was one of those people who would not give up on any any electronic device wasn't 
doing exactly what I expected it to do, even if it were something very simple. As a result, anytime anyone mentioned 
computer science or coding, I immediately thought I would be terrible at it. When I got to university, my 
friend group was filled with people who were in the field of STEM which piqued my interest in computer science. My first 
introduction to computing was through the class Introduction to Computer Science. Though the class was extremely challenging 
for me and I spent many nights sleepless, I don't regret taking the class. It turned the world of computers into less of an
unsolvable maze. I started to understand when people said computer science jargon like "Python," "for loop," and "logical error."

  I was very hestiant coming into Introduction to Interactive Media. I was intimidated by the thought of both coding and 
circuits. I never thought that I would see coding as less of an impossible task but more of a challenge. At this point in
my college experience, I find myself almost automatically speculating about how programs work. I think: How was that programed?
Oh, they might have used a 'for' loop. What was used to itterate through that data? among other things. I find myself 
interested in the inner working of computer programs and wonder how code them. 

  Computing has given me the oppurtunity to apply my passion, visual arts, into the digital world. I can now consider graphic
heavy occupations like video game design, something that I had been really intersted in but wasn't considering becasue I was
intimidated by the digtal aspect of it. My ability to code is a way to prove to myself that even though I'm intimidated by 
something, I can never really say that I can't do it unless I try. Computing to me, after everyting that I've experienced, 
represents both a success and a challenge, encouraging me to tackle subjects that I think I would be bad at.
